hr_attendance_sheet/readme/CONFIGURE.rst, before:

Attendance Sheet Configuration:
#. Go to *Attendances -> Configuration*.
#. Set the Attendance Sheet Range to be used to calculate start/end dates
on the sheet when they are created.
#. Set the Attendance Sheet Review Policy for who cab review sheets.
#. Choose Auto Lunch if you want a lunch calculated automatically. Duration is
maximum hours where a lunch would be calculated with the lunch duration.
For example, duration set to 5hrs, lunch set to .5hrs, if attendance is 6hours
then the duration on the attendance would show 5.5hrs due to the auto lunch.

Employee Configuration:
#. Go to *Attendances -> Manage Attendances -> Employees*.
#. Open the Employee and then HR Settings
#. Check Manual Attendance to give them access to the attendance app.
#. Check Attendance Sheets if they will be having sheets created for them.
#. Set Hours to Work which is the expected work time during the sheet period,
this is used to calculates overtime values on the sheet.
#. If manager's are set to review, make sure a manager is set on the employee.

Commit message:

[IMP] Added a 'Attendance Admin' for approval
This adds another layer of approval by adding an 'Attendance Admin' field to the departments. This way a person (not manager) that is put in charge of managing attendances for a department can now administer attendances.

hr_attendance_sheet/readme/CONFIGURE.rst, after:

Attendance Sheet Configuration:
#. Go to *Attendances -> Configuration*.
#. Set the Attendance Sheet Range to be used to calculate start/end dates
on the sheet when they are created.
#. Set the Attendance Sheet Review Policy for who can review sheets.
#. Choose Auto Lunch if you want a lunch calculated automatically. Duration is
maximum hours where a lunch would be calculated with the lunch duration.
For example, duration set to 5hrs, lunch set to .5hrs, if attendance is 6hours
then the duration on the attendance would show 5.5hrs due to the auto lunch.
Note: if there is two attendances and there is enough time between them, then
auto lunch won't be applied.

Employee Configuration:
#. Go to *Attendances -> Manage Attendances -> Employees*.
#. Open the Employee and then HR Settings
#. Check Manual Attendance to give them access to the attendance app.
#. Check Attendance Sheets if they will be having sheets created for them.
#. Set Hours to Work which is the expected work time during the sheet period,
this is used to calculates overtime values on the sheet.
#. If manager's are set to review, make sure a manager is set on the employee.
